Added DDS Deprecation expectations to our official docs (#21464)
microsoft/FluidFramework: docs/content/docs/data-structures/overview.md

-   Import data from an external source. (Multiple clients doing this could lead to duplicate data.)
-   Upgrade a data schema. (All clients agree to simultaneously make the change.)

## DDS Deprecation

> With Fluid Framework 2, we made SharedTree DDS Generally Available and encourage developers to use it for new development. This is an incredibly flexible DDS that allows developers to represent a varity of data models (primitives, objects, lists, maps in any nested orientation). Due to this flexibility, it can also support features of various other DDSes in the Fluid repertoire. As SharedTree becomes more feature-rich, we plan to start reducing support for other DDSes that offer a sub-set of the functionality. This process take the form of a deprecation journey for some of our existing DDSes, but rest assured, we will provide enough runway and support to migrate away from deprecated DDSes. DDS deprecation will follow these steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With Fluid Framework 2, we made SharedTree DDS Generally Available and encourage developers to use it for new development. This is an incredibly flexible DDS that allows developers to represent a variety of data models (primitives, objects, lists, maps in any nested orientation). Due to this flexibility, it can also support features of various other DDSes in the Fluid repertoire. As SharedTree becomes more feature-rich, we plan to start reducing support for other DDSes that offer a sub-set of the functionality. This process takes the form of a deprecation journey for some of our existing DDSes, but rest assured, we will provide enough runway and support to migrate away from deprecated DDSes. DDS deprecation will follow these steps:
```

> -   **Provide alternative** - The new DDS will offer the same or better functionality than the old DDS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   **Provide alternative** - The recommended DDS will offer the same or better functionality than the deprecated DDS
```

> -   **Migration path to the new DDS** - Before we deprecate a DDS, we will provide the ability for developers to migrate their data to the new DDS. This will allow you to switch to the new DDS for existing documents

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   **Migration path to the recommended DDS** - Before we deprecate a DDS, we will provide the ability for developers to migrate their data from their existing data model to the new data model. This will allow you to convert existing Fluid data to your new data model.
```

> -   **Deprecation of the old DDS** - The old DDS will be marked deprecated in our APIs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   **Deprecation of DDSes** - Deprecated DDSes will be marked deprecated in our APIs
```

> -   **Remove the ability to create new documents with the deprecated DDS** - Finally, the old DDS write APIs will be removed so developers don't continue to build using unsupported DDSes

Reviewer: The title of this item doesn't match the description. And these are sort of different things. Creating DDSes happens through Container schema (unless they are dynamically created but that still requires some Container schema). Writing data is what you seem to say you want to prevent - presumably because we will never deprecate the ability to read the DDSes. So, maybe make that more explicit. That is, call this something like "Deprecated DDSes will always be readable" and explain that we will remove the write APIs for these DDSes but will always support reading them.

Author: Made the suggested changes to be more precise on what will be removed
